do you know what makes a real hero it's
not the costumes the gadgets the cool
powers it's having your own movie and
that has always been my dream
what are you doing just giving the
people at the wall our movies not about
wandering woman it's about us the Teen
Titan no one wants to see us full Wonder
Woman inspires people and we do not yes
Wonder Woman is great but other Wonder
Woman narrator guy just do your thing
when the creators of Teen Titans go it's
about the courage it's about action
it's the superhero movie to end all
superhero movies
Faline wasn't a fart that was just air
leaving my butt which is a fart Teen
Titans goes to the movies because if
Aquaman can get a movie anyone can
[Music]